Updating the description of C++17 support on macOS (#330)
joerick/cibuildwheel: docs/cpp_standards.md

To get C++11 and C++14 support, `MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET` needs to be set to (at least) `"10.9"`. By default, `cibuildwheel` already does this, building 64-bit-only wheels for macOS 10.9 and later.

> To get C++17 support, a minimal version of Xcode 9.3 is needed, requiring at least macOS 10.13. To be able to use new C++17 library features and link against the C++ runtime library, set `MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET` to (at least) `"10.13"` or `"10.14"` (macOS 10.13 offers partial C++17 support; e.g., the filesystem header is in experimental, offering `#include <experimental/filesystem>` instead of `#include <filesystem>`; macOS 10.14 has full C++17 support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get C++17 support, Xcode 9.3+ is needed, requiring at least macOS 10.13 on the build machine. To use C++17 library features and link against the C++ runtime library, set `MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET` to `"10.14"` or higher. You can also try `"10.13"` - macOS 10.13 offers partial C++17 support; e.g., the filesystem header is in experimental, offering `#include <experimental/filesystem>` instead of `#include <filesystem>`).
```

> However, if only C++17 compiler and standard template library features are used, that don't require a C++17 runtime library, it might be possible to set `MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET` to a lower value, such as `"10.9"`. To find out if this is the case, try compiling and running with a lower `MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET`: if C++17 features are used that need a more recent macOS SDK, building the wheel should fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if only C++17 compiler and standard template library (STL) features are required (not needing a C++17 runtime) it might be possible to set `MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET` to a lower value, such as `"10.9"`. To find out if this is the case, try compiling and running with a lower `MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET`: if C++17 features are used that require a more recent deployment target, building the wheel should fail.
```
